Complete merged anndata docs (#262)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-docs: docs/merged_objects.md

The following command can be used to access the PCA and UMAP results:

```python
merged_adata_object.obsm["X_PCA"] # pca results
merged_adata_object.obsm["X_UMAP"] # umap results
```

### Additional AnnData components for CITE-seq libraries (with ADT tags)

ADT data from CITE-seq experiments, when present, is available as a separate `AnnData` object in an HDF5 file named with the `_adt.hdf5` suffix.

Merged `AnnData` objects contain two data matrices, each containing CITE-seq expression data for all libraries in a given ScPCA project combined into a single matrix.
The data matrix `raw.X` of the merged `AnnData` object contains the CITE-seq expression data as primary integer counts, and the data matrix `X` contains the RNA-seq expression data as normalized counts.
Note that only cells which are denoted as `"Keep"` in  the `merged_adata_object.uns["adt_scpca_filter"]` column (as described [above](#singlecellexperiment-cell-metrics)) have normalized expression values in the `X` matrix, and all other cells are assigned `NA` values.

> The data is stored as a sparse matrix, where each column represents a cell or droplet, and each row represents a gene.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data is stored as a sparse matrix, where each column represents a cell or droplet, and each row represents a single ADT. 
```
We have tags here, not genes.

The following QC statistics from [`DropletUtils::cleanTagCounts()`](https://rdrr.io/github/MarioniLab/DropletUtils/man/cleanTagCounts.html) can be found in the `obs` slot of each ADT-specific `AnnData` object.

| Column name                | Contents                                          |
| -------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------- |
| `zero.ambient`   | Indicates whether the cell has zero ambient contamination   |
| `sum.controls` |  The sum of counts for all control features. Only present if negative/isotype control ADTs are present |
| `high.controls`  | Indicates whether the cell has unusually high total control counts. Only present if negative/isotype control ADTs are present |
| `ambient.scale` |  The relative amount of ambient contamination. Only present if negative control ADTs are _not_ present |
| `high.ambient`  | Indicates whether the cell has unusually high contamination. Only present if negative/isotype control ADTs are _not_ present |

> | `discard`       | Indicates whether the cell should be discarded based on QC statistics. The `TRUE` and `FALSE` values in this column correspond, respectively, to values `"Discard"` and `"Keep"` in the `adata_obj.obs["adt_scpca_filter"]` column                                                         |

Reviewer: Aren't these the same as the columns that you mention above as being the same as in the SCE object? I think you either want to include all of the columns or just reference the SCE section and remove this table.

Author: > Aren't these the same as the columns that you mention above as being the same as in the SCE object

Yeah, they're the same - _except_ for the reference to the `in the adata_obj.obs["adt_scpca_filter"] column`, which is why I decided to keep it. I can delete it and just write this sentence out as a stand-alone sentence.

One reason (the reason?) this table is here is because it's also in the single SCE file - https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/scpca-docs/blob/development/docs/sce_file_contents.md#additional-anndata-components-for-cite-seq-libraries-with-adt-tags - and there was obviously some copy/pasting here... Do you want to also see it removed there too, in parallel?

Metrics for each of the ADTs assayed can be found as a `pandas.DataFrame` in the `.var` slot within the CITE-seq `AnnData` object:

| Column name | Contents                                                       |
| ----------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `adt_id`  | Name or ID of the ADT                                              |
| `mean-SCPCL000000`      | Mean ADT count across all cells/droplets. Only present for libraries with CITE-seq data                       |
| `detected-SCPCL000000`  | Percent of cells in which the ADT was detected (ADT count > 0 ). Only present for libraries with CITE-seq data |

> | `target_type` | Whether each ADT is a target (`target`), negative/isotype control (`neg_control`), or positive control (`pos_control`). If this information was not provided, all ADTs will have been considered targets and will be labeled as `target` |

Reviewer: Same comment, do we need to have the same table twice?

Reviewer: Hmm I see in the SCE contents we present it like this. I guess it's fine to just repeat the tables, but we don't do that for any other section. Every other place we just link to the SCE contents.

Author: > Hmm I see in the SCE contents we present it like this. I guess it's fine to just repeat the tables, but we don't do that for any other section. Every other place we just link to the SCE contents.

Ha, just getting to this comment after replying about it https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/scpca-docs/pull/262#discussion_r1476474427
I think we should remove the tables and just link!

Reviewer: Yes, I'm on board with this plan!
